Add note about doctests in docstrings (#1265)
JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl: docs/src/man/doctests.md

makedocs(modules=[MyPackage], ...)
```

!!! note

>     Please make sure to include all modules that contain docstrings with doctests in the

Reviewer: Sounds good. What do you think about clarifying slightly as follows?

```suggestion
    Make sure to include all (top-level) modules that contain docstrings with doctests in the
```
